Good morning, we are Giordano Grigolato, Enrico Mastrotto and Matteo Cischele, what we’d like to present today is an improvement to the A star algorithm, with a focus on the enhancement of safety in outdoors and indoors enviroments. Safety being our primary concern in this project with regards to the  Sustainable Development Goals that we say in class. As you already know A star is a very powerful algortihm used in many different variations of path finding problems: however we noticed that it often lacked a certain human element in its efficiency. Infact while being focused on finding the best possible path, A star tends to forget to even grasp the true idea of what the “best solution” even means. Does it just mean a fastest or shortest path or should it be more? We opted to change the nature of this algorithm to offer the user the possibilty of having a more flexible solution based on his preferences while focusing on the safety of the user. In a more formal way what we decided to do has been to modify the weight part (the g(n)) of A star by adding some more parameters that can be managed by the user itself according to his profile. We also studied how similar work has already been done in the past by chinese researchers that focused on smoothening the physical edges of a path. This, however, can be considered an improvement on the efficiency of the algorithm, not on the social impact that it should have. Indeed our project has been originally inspired by the staggering numbers regarding mountain injuries and missing persons cases in the Alps that could be lowered by offering some kind of tool that could indicate a safer and more personal path to the climber and traveler rather than just the plain shortest one. From there we got the idea of expanding our prototype to even more situations studying how this can be applied even in closed spaces like in an office on fire. Doing so has brought us to build databases regarding two different models: one being a mountaing environment and one being an office environment, both of them that will be presented by my colleagues. 